# Xojo API client for OpenAPIClient

**Send emails fast and with confidence through our easy to use [REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) API interface.**
# Overview
This is the API interface to the [Mail Baby](https//mail.baby/) Mail services provided by [InterServer](https://www.interserver.net). To use this service you must have an account with us at [my.interserver.net](https://my.interserver.net).
# Authentication
In order to use most of the API calls you must pass credentials from the [my.interserver.net](https://my.interserver.net/) site.
We support several different authentication methods but the preferred method is to use the **API Key** which you can get from the [Account Security](https://my.interserver.net/account_security) page.


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.1.0
- Package version: 
- Generator version: 8.0.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.XojoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://www.mail.baby/contact/](https://www.mail.baby/contact/)

## Installation

This project contains generated code suitable for both Desktop and Console applications on all operating systems.

The code is generated for Xojo's API v1.

The generated code is packaged into a single Module (`OpenAPIClient`), which we suggest copying to your project after opening the generated `OpenAPIClient.xojo_project` in [Xojo](https://xojo.com/). Working in the generated Xojo project is not recommended.

> See also Xojo's [Sharing code among multiple projects](https://documentation.xojo.com/topics/code_management/sharing_code_among_multiple_projects.html).

This project depends on [Xoson](https://github.com/Topheee/xoson) `v2.2.0` (and above). Download it to your computer:
```shell
git clone 'https://github.com/Topheee/xoson.git'
```

Open the `Xoson.xojo_project` from the cloned git repository with Xojo and copy the `Xoson` module to your project. Similarily, open the `OpenAPIClient.xojo_project` file with Xojo and copy `OpenAPIClient` to your project.

> Since Xojo currently has no package manager, you need to manually copy both the `Xoson` and the `OpenAPIClient` modules to your Xojo project.

Both modules must not be copied into another module, but must reside at the top level of your project.

### Customization

The generator can be configured with the following options.

Option | Used | Description
--- | --- | ---
`projectName` | `OpenAPIClient` | The name of the generated project and module.
`nonPublicApi` | `false` | Generate `Protected` instead of `Public` methods, if set.
`library` | `httpsocket` | Internal Xojo standard library object to use. Currently only `httpsocket` (`HTTPSocket` class) is supported.
`serializationLibrary` | `{xoson` | Internal library to use for serialization. Currently only `xoson` ([Xoson](https://github.com/Topheee/xoson) library) is supported.
`supportsAsync` | `true` | If `true`, generated APIs will use callbacks instead of blocking the main thread.

### Usage

Communication with the OpenAPI server is done by instantiating one of the classes below `OpenAPIClient.APIs`, configuring it - by setting `BasePath`, `UseHTTPS`, and `Port` - and invoking the `Public ` methods.
The methods always return immediately and the network communication is done in the background. To obtain the results and errors of each request, you need to implement the respective `CallbackHandler` interfaces:

- `OpenAPIClient.APIs.BlockingApiCallbackHandler`
- `OpenAPIClient.APIs.HistoryApiCallbackHandler`
- `OpenAPIClient.APIs.SendingApiCallbackHandler`
- `OpenAPIClient.APIs.ServicesApiCallbackHandler`
- `OpenAPIClient.APIs.StatusApiCallbackHandler`


Create an object of your implementing class and assign it to the `CallbackHandler` property of the API object.

This callback handler has exactly one method definition for each operation. This method is invoked when the operation finishes. It's first parameter `status As OpenAPIClient.OpenAPIClientException` is always set. If `status.IsError` is `False`, the operation succeeded and the return value (either `data` or `file`) - if available - contains valid information.

> The property `AdditionalHeaders` allows sending further headers with each request. Set it to a new `Dictionary`, with the Keys being the header names and the values either being a single String or an array of Strings.

__Error handling__, as well as status reporting, is done via class `OpenAPIClient.OpenAPIClientException`. Note that an instance of this class does not always indicate an error - check `IsError` to find out.
- `ErrorNumber` is set to one of the `OpenAPIClient.kError` constants, or `0` in case of no error.
- `HTTPStatus` is set to the HTTP status code as returned by the server. If the error is unrelated to HTTP, this property is `-1`.
- `SocketCode` contains the socket error, if any; otherwise `0`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mailbaby.net*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.BlockingApi* | [**AddRule**](BlockingApi.md#addrule) | **POST** /mail/rules | Creates a new email deny rule.
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.BlockingApi* | [**DeleteRule**](BlockingApi.md#deleterule) | **DELETE** /mail/rules/{ruleId} | Removes an deny mail rule.
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.BlockingApi* | [**DelistBlock**](BlockingApi.md#delistblock) | **POST** /mail/blocks/delete | Removes an email address from the blocked list
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.BlockingApi* | [**GetMailBlocks**](BlockingApi.md#getmailblocks) | **GET** /mail/blocks | displays a list of blocked email addresses
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.BlockingApi* | [**GetRules**](BlockingApi.md#getrules) | **GET** /mail/rules | Displays a listing of deny email rules.
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.HistoryApi* | [**GetStats**](HistoryApi.md#getstats) | **GET** /mail/stats | Account usage statistics.
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.HistoryApi* | [**ViewMailLog**](HistoryApi.md#viewmaillog) | **GET** /mail/log | displays the mail log
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.SendingApi* | [**SendAdvMail**](SendingApi.md#sendadvmail) | **POST** /mail/advsend | Sends an Email with Advanced Options
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.SendingApi* | [**SendMail**](SendingApi.md#sendmail) | **POST** /mail/send | Sends an Email
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.ServicesApi* | [**GetMailOrders**](ServicesApi.md#getmailorders) | **GET** /mail | displays a list of mail service orders
*OpenAPIClient.APIs.StatusApi* | [**PingServer**](StatusApi.md#pingserver) | **GET** /ping | Checks if the server is running


## Documentation For Models

 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.DenyRuleNew](DenyRuleNew.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.DenyRuleRecord](DenyRuleRecord.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.EmailAddressName](EmailAddressName.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.EmailAddressTypes](EmailAddressTypes.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.EmailAddressesTypes](EmailAddressesTypes.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.ErrorMessage](ErrorMessage.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.GenericResponse](GenericResponse.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.GetStats200ResponseInner](GetStats200ResponseInner.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.MailAttachment](MailAttachment.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.MailBlockClickHouse](MailBlockClickHouse.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.MailBlockRspamd](MailBlockRspamd.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.MailBlocks](MailBlocks.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.MailLog](MailLog.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.MailLogEntry](MailLogEntry.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.MailOrder](MailOrder.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.SendMail](SendMail.md)
 - [OpenAPIClient.Models.SendMailAdv](SendMailAdv.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


## apiKeyAuth

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-API-KEY
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author

support@interserver.net

